"Great things are done by a series of small things brought together." - Vincent Van Gogh
"The fishermen know that the sea is dangerous and the storm terrible, but they have never found these dangers sufficient reason for remaining ashore." - Vincent Van Gogh
"For my part I know nothing with any certainty, but the sight of the stars makes me dream." - Vincent Van Gogh
"I dream of painting and then I paint my dream." - Vincent Van Gogh
"I put my heart and my soul into my work, and have lost my mind in the process." - Vincent Van Gogh
"What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything?" - Vincent Van Gogh
"I feel that there is nothing more truly artistic than to love people." - Vincent Van Gogh
"If you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint,' then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced." - Vincent Van Gogh
"Do not quench your inspiration and your imagination; do not become the slave of your model." - Vincent Van Gogh
"Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best." -  St. Jerome
"Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me." - Carol Burnett
"We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated." - Maya Angelou
"What you do today can improve all your tomorrows." - Ralph Marston
"Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence." - Helen Keller
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
"Well done is better than well said." - Benjamin Franklin
"It always seems impossible until it's done." - Nelson Mandela
"If you can dream it, you can do it." - Walt Disney
"Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory." - George S. Patton
"Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground." - Theodore Roosevelt
"If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy." - Dale Carnegie
"Quality is not an act, it is a habit." - Aristotle
"If you fell down yesterday, stand up today." - H. G. Wells
"With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference." - Winston Churchill
"Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential." - Winston Churchill
"We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give." - Winston Churchill
"Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
"Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen." - Winston Churchill
"Kites rise highest against the wind - not with it." - Winston Churchill
"You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life." - Winston Churchill
"Difficulties mastered are opportunities won." - Winston Churchill
"Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star." - W. Clement Stone
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." - Zig Ziglar
"Either you run the day or the day runs you." - Jim Rohn
"Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better." - Samuel Beckett
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - Les Brown
"In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can." - Nikos Kazantzakis
"By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail." - Benjamin Franklin
"Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door." - Kyle Chandler
"Things do not happen. Things are made to happen." - John F. Kennedy
"Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking." - William Butler Yeats
"I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed." - Robert H. Schuller
"The most effective way to do it, is to do it." - Amelia Earhart
"Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th." - Julie Andrews
"One way to keep momentum going is to have constantly greater goals." - Michael Korda
"If you think you can do it, you can." - John Burroughs
"Never give in and never give up." - Hubert H. Humphrey
"Either I will find a way, or I will make one." - Philip Sidney
"Act as if what you do makes a difference." - It does. William James
"Do something wonderful, people may imitate it." - Albert Schweitzer
"Arriving at one goal is the starting point to another." - John Dewey
"After a storm comes a calm." - Matthew Henry
"You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do." - Henry Ford
"Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward." - Victor Kiam
"There's a way to do it better - find it." - Thomas A. Edison
"Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Correction does much, but encouragement does more." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"It's always too early to quit." - Norman Vincent Peale
"You can never quit. Winners never quit, and quitters never win." - Ted Turner
"Either move or be moved." - Ezra Pound
"Be gentle to all and stern with yourself." - Saint Teresa of Avila
"You will never win if you never begin." - Helen Rowland
"I can, therefore I am." - Simone Weil
"Step by step and the thing is done." - Charles Atlas
"I am not a has-been. I am a will be." - Lauren Bacall
"The wise does at once what the fool does at last." - Baltasar Gracian
"There is always room at the top." - Daniel Webster
"Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it." - Charles R. Swindoll
"The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it." - Hubert H. Humphrey
"Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live." - Norman Cousins
"Live life to the fullest, and focus on the positive." - Matt Cameron
"Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life." - Omar Khayyam
"My life motto is 'Do my best, so that I can't blame myself for anything.'" Magdalena Neuner
"Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." - Elbert Hubbard
"Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving." - Albert Einstein
"The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits." - Albert Einstein
"We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them." - Albert Einstein
"Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning." - Albert Einstein
"Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding." - Albert Einstein
"Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former." - Albert Einstein
"Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere." - Albert Einstein
"The only source of knowledge is experience." - Albert Einstein
"Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death." - Albert Einstein
"Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new." - Albert Einstein
"Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them." - Albert Einstein
"Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else." - Margaret Mead
"If you're going to do something tonight that you'll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late." - Henny Youngman
"Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you get tired." - Jules Renard
"It takes considerable knowledge just to realize the extent of your own ignorance." - Thomas Sowell
"Everything is funny, as long as it's happening to somebody else." - Will Rogers
"I'm sorry, if you were right, I'd agree with you." - Robin Williams
"People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do." - Isaac Asimov
"Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday." - Don Marquis
"I cook with wine, sometimes I even add it to the food." - W. C. Fields
"Tact is the ability to describe others as they see themselves." - Abraham Lincoln
"I can resist everything except temptation." - Oscar Wilde
"Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes." - Oscar Wilde 
"The truth is rarely pure and never simple." - Oscar Wilde
"We are all born mad. Some remain so." - Samuel Beckett
"The only thing to do with good advice is to pass it on. It is never of any use to oneself." - Oscar Wilde
"Do I not destroy my enemies when I make them my friends?" - Abraham Lincoln
"Only the mediocre are always at their best." - Jean Giraudoux
"I love mankind; it's people I can't stand." - Charles M. Schulz
"I have never been hurt by what I have not said." - Calvin Coolidge